**HOW THE GAME WORKS:**
- 3 pillar features that the game focuses on: RACING, CRAFTING, MARKET
- RACING: {CARS} and {DRIVERS}, basically races are idle events that you just leave and wait for the results. You get rewards from this like {MATERIALS}, {PARTS}, {CASH} for now.
- RACING: Races are basically like events in the gacha games like how Genshin Impact has this domains to farm specific items, in my case it would be races, there should be different types of races to choose from and each race has different types of rewards, some races require specific types of cars or drivers to enter.
- CRAFTING: {CARS}, {PARTS}, {MATERIALS}, {ENGINEERS}, basically crafting is the process of turning materials into parts, then this parts would then be used to create the car that you want, there would be car blueprints that should show you which type of parts you need to create a specific car, engineers will then be assigned to craft those parts, and develop the car, engineers influences also speed of crafting and the quality of the result.
- MARKET: {CARS}, {PARTS}, {MATERIALS}, {CASH}, the market is the third pillar of this game, the game allows you to sell the cars that you create. there is also a market to buy the raw materials from, but these parts are only the generic parts that are used to create common cars, maybe sometimes there are available good parts.
- CURRENCY: the game has 2 currencies: {CASH} and {XGEAR}, Cash is the main currency, this is what you normally use to buy/sell everything, buying or selling parts, cars, materials, etc. Rewards for races also cash. {XGEAR} is a premium currency, can be bought with real money. {XGEAR} can also be obtained in the game like maybe podium places on races, etc.
- DISCLAIMER: CARS, and MATERIALS, do not have any sort of rarity or tiers. Only DRIVERS and ENGINEERS and PARTS.

**PAGES:**
- MARKET: in the market page, there should be the following tabs within the 'market' page: {MATERIALS}, {PARTS}, {CARS}, {DRIVERS & ENGINEERS}. In the materials tab, this should show you 6 slots (for now) to buy materials from, each one of these slots has a percent rate as to which materials can be bought, for example, Slot 1 (Wood 50% [cheap],  Slot 2 (Iron 50% [common]), Slot 3(Steel 50% [uncommon]), Slot 4 (Alloy 25% [rare]), Slot 5 (Titanium 10% [epic]), Slot 6 (Carbon fiber 5% [legendary]), quantity should also be set (more common = more quantity per batch). These materials and percentage are example only. Then, a feature I want is that the parts market should refresh every 3 minutes, so that players can get new parts to buy. The same logic applies to {PARTS} as well but for parts the refresh is every hour. For {DRIVERS &ENGINEERS}, is a different type of market. They use {XGEAR}, what happens is that in this tab you can select from the 2 banners, the driver banner, and the engineer banner. selecting either would then prompt you 100 {XGEAR} to roll for a driver or engineer (1x), how it works would be it will show you 10 random cards (depending on if driver or engineer banner you selected) face down. Each of this cards has a pool of {DRIVERS} or {ENGINEERS} with different rarity and different odds. For the Driver pool, example: 60% Common (5 drivers), 30% Rare (3 drivers), 10% Epic or greater (1 driver). Same logic applies to engineers. All 10 cards are faced down, then let the user select which one they want to recruit. After selecting, reveal the card they selected, and also reveal the other 9 cards to see what they could have possibly gotten. The {CARS} tab are the other users car that they listed for sale.

- DRIVERS: in the drivers page, this will just show you the list of drivers you have, and then you can also view the driver details like stats.

- WORKSHOP: within the workshop I need you to have multiple tabs within the workshop page. 'develop', 'engineers', 'inventory', 'upgrades'.
- the 'develop' tab would be where you develop the parts. the 'engineers' are characters similar to drivers but they affect crafting. the 'inventory' tab is basically where the developed parts go to after that are not being used. the 'upgrades' tab would be like the workshop upgrade, where we could upgrade how many slots we can develop at a time, etc.
- so we basically have materials, these materials should also be recorded per user in the database. the raw materials are ingredients in order to develop parts. In the 'develop' tab, there would be slots for you to develop parts, in the beginning there should maybe only be 2 slots to begin with, and we will talk about the upgrades later. But basically the slots would be there and when you click an idle slot, it would prompt you what part you want to build. there should be a wait time before claiming which would then be available to use in the inventory. For the ugprades tab, it would be a simple upgrade progression, for only have the following: 'Increase Develop Slots', 'Increase Develop Speed', 'Increase Inventory Size', 'Increase Engineer Capacity', 'Increase Driver Capacity', 'Increase Garage Capacity'.

- RACE: in the race tab, it should have 2 tabs, "STANDARD" and "EVENT", the "EVENT" tab use a placeholder for now. But for the "STANDARD", it shoudl show multiple cards like "STREET RACE (AERIAL)", "STREET RACE (DRAG)", "STREET RACE (OUTDOOR)", "STREET RACE (TOKYO)". each of this will have their own requirements like what type of car archetype are allowed to enter. and the different rewards they could get as well as the podium finisher awards. When selected, it should prompt you with the following: select driver, select engineer, and then the car you want to use to race. Then it you would just leave it idle like when you wait for your crafting to be done. During that time, the car, the driver, and the engineer cannot be used for anything else. Once the race is done, it should prompt you with the results of the race, showing you your ranking, the rewards you got. 

- GARAGE: in the garage page, there are 2 tabs: "CARS" and "FOR SALE", this will just show you the list of cars you have. and then you can also view the car details like stats. In the car details page, it should show the stats of the car, the parts equipped to the car, this is also where you can prompt to sell your cars. Once you put your car for sale, it would prompt you how much you want to sell it, then it would be transferred to the for sale tab, here you can cancel your sale or wait for other players to buy it. Your own cars do not appear in the 'cars' tab in the 'market' page.

**FEATURES:**
- SILENT TIERED PROGRESSION: I want the game to have a silence tiered progression, what this means is that cars and parts should not have a tier, some cars are just generally better than other cars, but why silent tiered progression? because for example we start with the slower cars, and we use those cars to win races, getting us better parts and materials, then we use those parts and materials to craft better cars, and then we use those better cars to win better races, getting us better parts and materials, and so on. and we want the game and the user to think that those slower cars are not useless because of I will explain in the next feature.
- CAR WEARS AND LONGETIVITY: So we want the cars to have the wear on it, the more we use the cars on races and such, the more wear it accumulates, it starts from 100% (brand new) then when you start using it, it will go down, this will not affect performance, but this will affect the car value, the lower the wear, the less expensive it becomes. Car longetivity in this case means, we can develop the slower cars so we can use those to farm races and materials saving ourselves from wearing our faster cars which we might be saving for more important races or for sale.
- ENGINEER'S ROLE IN CRAFTING AND RACING: The engineer will have stats that can affect crafting speed, and the parts quality. The engineer will also have a stat called race bonus which helps boost the car stats for the races thats why we are prompted to have an engineer when we race.
- DRIVER'S ROLE IN RACING: The driver will have stats that can affect the car performance and handling for the race, the higher the driver stat, the better the performance and handling. But all this will be calculated in the background as this part of the game should be idle.
- PARTS: There are parts category and parts model, when we craft we either craft a generic part like an engine or a suspension, but we could also craft a specific part like a v8 Engine which will be used for specific supercars, etc, materials used would be different of course. But everything should be in the database. Some parts could only be obtained via rewards.

THINGS TO KEEP IN MIND:
- The car, driver, engineer, being used on a race/crafting should be disabled from being used on any other activity. We should keep track of this status so there would be no bugs.
- A {CAR} is a unique entity that has specific 'slots' for {PARTS} (e.g., Engine Slot, Tire Slot). When a part is equipped, it is moved from the user's Inventory to that specific Car's record. A car is not finished if its required slots are empty.
- Logic over Labels: Since there are no rarities, car performance is determined by a formula: FinalStats = (BaseCarStats + PartBonuses) \times (DriverSkill + EngineerRaceBonus). The UI should prioritize showing these calculated numbers rather than colored borders or tier letters.


MATERIALS:
- Materials have the following attributes: {NAME}, {DESCRIPTION}, {BASE_VALUE}, {ART/IMAGE}
- Each of the materials can be any of the rarity, so there could be a common aluminum sheet, an uncommon aluminum sheet, a rare aluminum sheet, etc.
- There should be a 1x1 image placeholder for the materials. Use placeholder for now.
- We will be using PNG for this and not SVG.

PARTS:
- Parts have the following attributes: {NAME}, {CATEGORY}, {TIER/RARITY}, {ART}, the different {STATS} (this can be found in the database), {CRAFT TIME}, {SELL PRICE}, and the materials needed to craft.
- Parts also have rarity, and similar to materials, the rarity only affects the sell price, and the stats.
- There should be a 1x1 image placeholder for the parts. Use placeholder for now.


CAR CRAFTING:
- Here is how I want the car development architecture for the game to be: First each car has an archetype and a model. the archetypes for version 1 are the following: {SPORTS CAR}, {LUXURY CAR}, {CLASSIC CAR}, and the following are the first models for version 1: {SC-1} and {SC-2} are sports cars, {LC-1} and {LC-2} are luxury cars, {CC-1} and {CC-2} are classic cars. So we will only have 6 cars in total for the first version.
- For crafting a car the slots are: {ENGINE}, {SUSPENSION}, {CHASSIS}, {BRAKES}, {GEARBOX}, {TIRES}
- Each car has 12 stats and are influenced depending on the part used: {ENGINE} influences {SPEED} and {ACCELERATION}, {SUSPENSION} influences {HANDLING} and {STABILITY}, {CHASSIS} influences {DURABILITY} and {WEIGHT}, {BRAKES} influences {BRAKING} and {CONTROL}, {GEARBOX} influences {SHIFT_SPEED} and {EFFICIENCY}, {TIRES} influences {GRIP} and {CORNERING}.
- To craft a car we have a BLUEPRINT system. This will determine what car you are crafting. CAR BLUEPRINTS ARE NOT INFINITE. For example, you obtained a blueprint for {SC-1} which usually blueprints can craft 3x or 5x or 10x depending on the blueprint. After using 1 blueprint, the count goes down. You can obtain blueprints as rewards from races, or from events.

PARTS:
- Since we already discussed the parts which are based on the slots: {ENGINE}, {SUSPENSION}, {CHASSIS}, {BRAKES}, {GEARBOX}, {TIRES}.
- Let us now discuss the parts, basically a part has these important information regarding them: the name (like engine, suspension), the rarity (common, rare, epic, legendary, mythical, event), the 2 stats it influences (like for engine is speed and acceleration).

MATERIALS:
- Materials are used to craft parts, here are the materials for the version 1 of the game: {STEEL}, {ALUMINUM}, {CARBON}, {TITANIUM}, {POLYMER}, {HARDWARE}, {ELECTRONICS}, {COMPOUNDS}, {POLYMER}, {FLUIDS}, {TRIMS}.
- Here is the recipe to craft each part: ENGINE = TITANIUM + HARDWARE + FLUIDS, SUSPENSION = ALUMINUM + HARDWARE + COMPOUNDS, CHASSIS = CARBON + STEEL + TRIMS, BRAKES = TITANIUM + ELECTRONICS + FLUIDS, GEARBOX = STEEL + HARDWARE + ELECTRONICS, TIRES = CARBON + COMPOUNDS + POLYMER.
- Parts do not have rarity. But it will have a chance to be a high rarity parts when crafted: 45% common part, 25% rare part, 15% epic part, 10% legendary part, 5% mythical part. (EVENT RARITY ARE FOR EVENTS ONLY, SO IGNORE THOSE FOR NOW)